BOOTOG
======

Bootog is a side-scrolling platform action game.  The titular protagonist has
suction cup feet for walking up walls and ceilings, and fights his enemies by
gulping them up.  He can then spit them out in goo form, and the goo acts and
reacts differently depending on what kind of enemy it was.

Bootog can be compared with Kirby games, though the style is more "grumpy"
than "cute".  Where Kirby can float and transform, Bootog instead has wall-
walking and goo mechanics.  The focus on one small challenge at a time and a
rapid death/retry cycle might be compared to Super Meat Boy.  Some gameplay
elements evoke a Bubble Bobble feeling.


Actions
-------

Walk: < ^ v >
  Bootog will walk in any direction, including up walls and on ceilings.

Jump: Space
  Bootog will jump, which will make him fall off any non-floor surface.

Gulp: Ctrl/Alt
  Bootog will gulp up an enemy in front of himself and quickly turn it to goo.

Spit: Ctrl/Alt
  When Bootog has enemy goo in his mouth, he will spit it out.

Bootog supports any and all input devices - keyboard, joystick, wiimote, that
wacky new Steam controller, anything.  Bindings are easy to change.  The
default key controls are meant to be straightforward (and X-Arcade ready).


Modes
-----

Easy:   Bootog can't be killed.  Toddler mode.
Normal: Checkpoints everywhere.  Die and try again.
Hard:   No checkpoints.  Die and restart the level.
Insane: No checkpoints, one life.  Die and restart the game.


Gameplay
--------

Bootog's world is a bit brutal.  Many things will kill him instantly, even his
own actions at times.  Walking up a wall and spitting out fiery or acidic goo
will burn himself to death once gravity takes over, unless he can get out of
the way.  Fortunately, there are checkpoints everywhere.

Experimentation is encouraged; there are always several ways to tackle a
problem, overcome an obstacle, or defeat an enemy.  There are also many ways
to get killed, but that's what all those checkpoints are for.


Enemy and Goo Types
-------------------

Sticky: Bugs, Slugs, Paste Items
Slippery: Fish, Snakes, Oil Items
Freezy: Ices, Snowflakes, Frost Items
Fiery: Flames, Sunbeams, Toast Items
Acid: Thorns, Flowers, Battery Items
Heavy: Pigs, Rocks, Ore Items
Floaty: Clouds, Vapors, Balloon Items


Technology
----------
SDL2?
